Pug ship descriptions (#7728)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/pug/pug.txt

	explode "pug medium explosion" 20
	explode "pug large explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion small"

> 	description `The Zibruka is the smallest Pug warship. Despite having only two gun ports, its advanced guns combined with fast and efficient engine systems make it a fearsome ship to face off against, especially in swarms.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `The Zibruka is the smallest Pug warship that you know of. Despite having only two gun ports, its advanced guns combined with fast and efficient engine systems make it a fearsome ship to face off against, especially in swarms.`
```

	explode "pug medium explosion" 25
	explode "pug large explosion" 15
	"final explode" "final explosion medium"

> 	description `The Enfolta is a medium-sized Pug warship. It has a powerful arnament of advanced weaponry supported by powerful integrated energy generation. A single Enfolta can take on a fleet of smaller human ships.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `The Enfolta is a medium-sized Pug warship. It has a potent armament of advanced weaponry supported by powerful integrated energy generation. A single Enfolta can take on a fleet of smaller human ships.`
```

Author: I think there might be a better word than potent or powerful

Author: @roadrunner56 do you think "formidable" would be a good word?

Reviewer: Yeah, that would be better.

Author: > 

Alright, I will change it to that.

> 	description `The Enfolta is a medium-sized Pug warship. It has a formidable arnament of advanced weaponry supported by powerful integrated energy generation. A single Enfolta can take on a fleet of smaller human ships.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `The Enfolta is a medium-sized Pug warship. It has a formidable ornament of advanced weaponry supported by powerful integrated energy generation. A single Enfolta can take on an entire fleet of smaller human ships.`
```

Author: I'll change it to "an entire" and arnament to armament

	explode "pug large explosion" 20
	explode "pug huge explosion" 5
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description `The Maboro appears to be the Pug's capital warship. Its shield matrix and hull are much weaker than human capital ships, however it is able to regenrate its shields quickly. Its powerful weapory and advanced anti-missile systems make it a ship that only the strongest human capital ships are able to oppose.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `The Maboro appears to be the Pug's capital warship. Its shield matrix and hull are much weaker than human capital ships; however, it is able to regenerate its shields quickly. Its powerful weaponry and advanced anti-missile systems make it a ship that only the strongest human capital ships are able to oppose.`
```
